README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update environment variables, enhance Firebase authentication, and refine README instructions

README.md, after:

This project is built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) (App Router) and targets Firebase/Vercel hosting with Google OAuth via NextAuth.

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
2. Copy `.env.production` into `.env.local` (or create it from scratch) and fill in every secret that you need for local development.
3. Run `npm run dev` and open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Firebase Authentication configuration

- `NEXTAUTH_URL` **must exactly match** the public host that users access. Production uses `https://www.momentos.work`, so the `.env.production` file already reflects that value. Update the environment variable inside your hosting provider (Vercel/Firebase) whenever the canonical domain changes and redeploy afterwards.
- In the Firebase Console (`Authentication ➜ Sign-in method`) enable the Google provider and make sure the authorized domains list contains `www.momentos.work`, `momentos.work` and any other environments you expose (e.g. `localhost` for development). This is the only place where Google OAuth needs to be configured now.
- The login page signs in with Firebase (Google popup or email/password) and then exchanges the resulting ID token with NextAuth through the Credentials provider to mint the secure session cookie that the middleware/API routes expect. If you ever reset the Firebase credentials, remember to keep the public keys in `.env.*` in sync.

Following these steps the “Entrar com Google” button on `/[locale]/login` works directly with Firebase Auth and no longer depends on a `redirect_uri` configuration in Google Cloud Console.
